Docs: add a "missable locations" question to apworld_dev_faq.md (#4965)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: docs/apworld_dev_faq.md

  Also, consider using the `options.as_dict("option_name", "option_two")` helper.
* Using enums as Location/Item names in the datapackage. When building out `location_name_to_id` and `item_name_to_id`,
  make sure that you are not using your enum class for either the names or ids in these mappings.

---

### What if my game has "missable" or "one-time-only" locations or region connections?

> Archipelago logic assumes that once a region or location becomes reachable, it stays reachable forever. Slightly more formally: Receiving an AP item must never cause a region connection or location to "go out of logic" (become unreachable when it was previously reachable), and receiving AP items is the only kind of state change that AP logic acknowledges; nothing else is allowed to change reachability.

Reviewer: I think stating explicitly that player actions can't reduce access would be worthwhile

So when a game violates this assumption, the options are:

> - Don't include that location/connection in logic

Reviewer: Slightly worried this might result in just not making the logic/connection and then resulting in unreachables which people then blame on the FAQ. Might be an unfounded worry though

Author: I was waffling on whether to include something like "only have logic for the repeatable path / way of checking that unlocks later / with more items" but it kept feeling clunky or distracting.

- Buying expensive shop items might logically require access to a place where you can quickly farm money, or logically require access to enough parts of the game that checking other locations should naturally generate enough money without grinding.

Remember that all items referenced by logic (however hard or soft) must be `progression`. Since you typically don't want to turn a ton of `filler` items into `progression` just for this, it's common to e.g. write money logic using only the rare "$100" item, so the dozens of "$1" and "$10" items in your world can remain `filler`.

---

### What if my game has "missable" or "one-time-only" locations or region connections?

Archipelago logic assumes that once a region or location becomes reachable, it stays reachable forever, no matter what the player does in-game. Slightly more formally: Receiving an AP item must never cause a region connection or location to "go out of logic" (become unreachable when it was previously reachable), and receiving AP items is the only kind of state change that AP logic acknowledges. No other actions or events can change reachability.

> So when a game violates this assumption, the options are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So when a game does not follow this assumption, the options are:
```
imo "violate" in context makes it sound like the apworld is going rogue not that the game's vanilla behavior doesn't follow the assumption

> - Simply don't generate the missable location/connection at all
>   - If it's a connection, this assumes all of your logical regions will still be reachable through other, *repeatable* connections 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Simply don't generate the missable location/connection at all
  - For connections, any logical regions will still need to be reachable through other, *repeatable* connections
  - For locations, this may require game changes to remove the vanilla item if it affects logic
```

- Buying expensive shop items might logically require access to a place where you can quickly farm money, or logically require access to enough parts of the game that checking other locations should naturally generate enough money without grinding.

Remember that all items referenced by logic (however hard or soft) must be `progression`. Since you typically don't want to turn a ton of `filler` items into `progression` just for this, it's common to e.g. write money logic using only the rare "$100" item, so the dozens of "$1" and "$10" items in your world can remain `filler`.

---

### What if my game has "missable" or "one-time-only" locations or region connections?

Archipelago logic assumes that once a region or location becomes reachable, it stays reachable forever, no matter what 
the player does in-game. Slightly more formally: Receiving an AP item must never cause a region connection or location 
to "go out of logic" (become unreachable when it was previously reachable), and receiving AP items is the only kind of 
state change that AP logic acknowledges. No other actions or events can change reachability.

> So when a game does not follow this assumption, the options are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
So when the game itself does not follow this assumption, the options are:
```
I feel this gives it a little more clarity that it's the game that is creating this situation, and not the apworld or randomizer
